https://codepen.io/byadham/pen/wvGbdba

    1. What is Semantic HTML? HTML elements that have a visible impact on a page such as section, h1, etc
    2. What is HTML used for? Building the structure of a web page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute provide more info on a an HTML element such as href providing the URL for the anchor (link) element. In CSS attributes are characteristics you pass into a selector to style the selected element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? For creating the largest form of "title" or "header". It should be used only once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes a and img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Meta data 
    7. What is an id? An identification for a single specific element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any element. Same ID cannot be repeated
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once 
    10. What is a class? An identification of multiple elements or a group i.e. class
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? More than once
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? Add the attribute target and give it a value of "_blank" Target="_blank" 
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? Description
    15. How do I reference an id? In CSS you use #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A section is semantic and contains thematic content while a div is more abstract and is not visible
    17. What is CSS used for? Styling HTML elements
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2 {...}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one and ID is a specific (for example) p element while a class can select all elements in a class even if they're different types of elements. If we have a specific p called " <p id ="Adham"> then #p {...} while we can have a class called lambda and use it for multiple elements so we can have <h3 class ="lambda"> and <p class="lambda">
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? It's when you select a class or id within an element for example. It's useful for creating styles that are specific within a type of element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div.sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? Special state of elements like when you hover over
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? Line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? element {text-transform: upperCase, lowerCase,capitalize} Respectively
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div {border-style: dotted; border-color: black; border-width: 1px}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? Wrap everything in a div, give it a class of everything. Or use * {..}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? Pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm fileName. It doesn't confirm and it is not reversible 
    34. Why should I use version control? To avoid conflicts, for multiple people to work on the same project, to store and go back to earlier versions of code
    35. How often should I commit to github? Very frequently
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? Git push -u origin branchName
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Fork from Github to my account
Terminal: Navigate to the folder you want to clone to using cd
Terminal: Git clone forkURL
Terminal: Git checkout -b firstName-lastName
Terminal: Git add .
Terminal: git commit -m "notes of what changed"
Terminal: git push -u origin firstName-lastName


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 